new editors post (#52)
ropensci/roweb3: content/blog/2020-10-27-editors2020/index.md

---
title: 'Announcing New Software Peer Review Editors: Laura DeCicco, Julia Gustavsen,
  Mauro Lepore'
author:
  - Stefanie Butland
date: '2020-10-27'
slug: editors2020
tags:
  - Software Peer Review
  - editors
description: Introducing 3 new editors for rOpenSci software review
# twitterImg: blog/2019/06/04/post-template/name-of-image.png
---

## Laura DeCicco

{{< figure src = "/img/team/laura-decicco.jpg" width = "200" alt = "photo of Laura DeCicco holding a small crocodilian-looking reptile" class = "pull-left">}} 

Laura is ... bio

> Laura on [GitHub](https://github.com/ldecicco-USGS), [Twitter](https://twitter.com/DeCiccoDonk)

Reviewer: I am using so much self-control to NOT suggest adding a period here. :joy_cat:

Author: You are very 💪🏼

Reviewer: Your comment is distressing too. 😂 just kidding.

Editors manage the review process, performing initial package checks, identifying reviewers, and moderating the process until the package is accepted by reviewers and transferred to rOpenSci. 

Meet our new editors!

## Laura DeCicco

{{< imgtxt src = "/img/team/laura-decicco.jpg" width = "200" alt = "photo of Laura DeCicco holding a small crocodilian-looking reptile">}} 

Laura is ... bioLaura is ... bioLaura is ... bioLaura is ... bioLaura is ... bioLaura is ... bioLaura is ... bioLaura is ... bioLaura is ... bioLaura is ... bioLaura is ... bioLaura is ... bioLaura is ... bioLaura is ... bioLaura is ... bioLaura is ... bioLaura is ... bioLaura is ... bioLaura is ... bioLaura is ... bioLaura is ... bioLaura is ... bioLaura is ... bioLaura is ... bioLaura is ... bioLaura is ... bioLaura is ... bioLaura is ... bioLaura is ... bioLaura is ... bioLaura is ... bioLaura is ... bioLaura is ... 

{{< /imgtxt >}}

Laura on [GitHub](https://github.com/ldecicco-USGS), [Twitter](https://twitter.com/DeCiccoDonk)

> quote

## Julia Gustavsen

{{< imgtxt src = "/img/team/julia-gustavsen.jpg" width = "200" alt = "headshot of Julia Gustavsen" >}} 

> Julia Gustavsen is a Bioinformatician at the health-tech company [SOPHiA GENETICS](https://www.sophiagenetics.com/) in Lausanne (Switzerland). Julia honed her bioinformatics skills during her PhD in marine microbial ecology from the University of British Columbia (Canada). Julia is a co-maintainer of [rsnps](https://github.com/ropensci/rsnps) and has enjoyed reviewing packages for rOpenSci since 2015. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Julia Gustavsen is a Bioinformatician at the health-tech company [SOPHiA GENETICS](https://www.sophiagenetics.com/) in Lausanne (Switzerland). Julia honed her bioinformatics skills during her PhD in marine microbial ecology from the University of British Columbia (Canada). Julia is a co-maintainer of [rsnps](https://docs.ropensci.org/rsnps) and has enjoyed reviewing packages for rOpenSci since 2015. 
```
